For my novel, I went with the Markovv chain method. I really liked the machine learning method, and the outputs were really good, but getting it to format correctly in the PDF wasn't working out due to the scripts I used for my source text, and I already had that side of things working with the Markovv chain method.
For my source text, I started with the Skyrim script I used in my poem, but to make it more interesting I threw in a few other movie scripts. I used: The Bee Movie (because that's just an obvious requirement), Austin Powers, The Lord of the Rings: Return of the King, Godzilla (1998), and The Mighty Morphin Power Rangers Movie. Each of these movies has enough nonsense to make the output completely insane, yet mostly legible. The logic behind these movies were half random, but also given the lenguage in the movies I was trying to find some that would have a good amount of common ground. The "radical" lingo from the Power Rangers movie can connect a bit with the Austin Powers nonsense, and Return of the King and Godzilla both have monsters which have some common ground with the beasts of Skyrim. Bee movie was just because it felt necessary.
The main issue I have with the outputs is there isn't one style; the biggest text is Skyrim, so that's where a majority of the text comes from, but the other texts are from a movie script website, so there's some random capitalization and periods don't have spaces after them half of the time, but it's still surprisingly legible.
I would have to say the most difficult parts of this project were all the formatting issues I came across.
Half the time when I would change something in the PDF generator, it would lead to a blank document, and reverting to a previous version of the colab notebook was more trouble than it had to be most of the time.
A lot of the time, when I would set the range for the text generation, if it was *slightly* too high it would put half the text onto one line, so there was a lot of trial and error there to make sure it would print things correctly.
Finally, getting a title and ending took a bit of figuring out, but once I realized I just put it under the <head> tag and figured out text formatting it all worked out pretty well.
I didn't end up having anny chapter headings, mostly because the text has enough scene directions and acts that it would just feel off splitting it up into chapters.
I'm including a link to my colab notebook here as well, because github kept telling me to "check it later" when I committed changes to the python files in this folder, hopefully those work but in case they dont:
  https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1WAClqK4fth0qmDiAb62Zjmm-7Zmmyays
All in all, I'm pretty pleased with my novel. It isn't the prettiest thing, but I've gotten a good number of outputs that I find really entertaining.
